Release v1.0 (#30)
aiidateam/aiida-docker-stack: README.md

# AiiDA docker stack

This repository is based on [AiiDA docker base](https://github.com/aiidateam/aiida-docker-base/) image, but adds

> [PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) servers on top. Additionally, it performs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[PostgreSQL](https://www.postgresql.org/) and [RabbitMQ](https://www.rabbitmq.com/) servers on top. Additionally, it creates an AiiDA profile in order to have a ready-to-use AiiDA environment.
```

initial AiiDA configuration allowing to have a ready-to-use AiiDA environment.

## Updating the image

> In order to update the AiiDA version you should update the version of the base image. Go to the Docker file and simply replace the following line:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In order to update the AiiDA version, first update the [`aiida-docker-base`](https://hub.docker.com/r/aiidateam/aiida-docker-base) and then use the updated tag of the image in the `Dockerfile`:
```

```
FROM aiidateam/aiida-docker-base:vX.Y.Z

```

> Adapt X.Y.Z numbers to the latest version of the [aiida-docker-base](https://hub.docker.com/r/aiidateam/aiida-docker-base) image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
